[ADD] Quality: Quality checks (#5632)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/quality_control/quality_checks.rst

order from the :guilabel:`Production Order` drop-down menu. This is necessary because Odoo needs to
know for which operation the quality check is being conducted.

If the quality check should be assigned to a specific |QCP|, select it from the :guilabel:`Control
Point` drop-down menu. This is useful if the quality check is being created manually, but should
still be recognized as belonging to a specific |QCP|.

Select a quality check type from the :guilabel:`Type` drop-down field:

- :guilabel:`Instructions` provides specific instructions for how to conduct the quality check.
- :guilabel:`Take a Picture` requires a picture to be attached to the check before the check can be
  completed.
- :guilabel:`Pass - Fail` is used when the product being checked must meet a certain criteria to
  pass the check.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Measure` causes a :guilabel:`Measure` input field to appear, in which a
  measurement must be entered before the check can be completed.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Worksheet` causes a :guilabel:`Quality Template` drop-down field to appear,
  from which can be selected a quality worksheet that must be filled out to complete the check.

> 

Reviewer: Leaving a mental note to add a seealso admonition block to the Instructions and Measure docs you're preparing! (:

==============
Quality checks
==============

.. |QCP| replace:: :abbr:`QCP (Quality Control Point)`

Quality checks are manual inspections conducted by employees, and are used to ensure the quality of
products. A quality check can be conducted for a single product, or multiple products within the

> same inventory operation or manufacturing order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
same inventory operation (or manufacturing order).
```

> Using a Quality Control Point (QCP), it is possible to create quality checks automatically at
> regular intervals. A |QCP| can be configured to create quality checks for specific products or
> operations, or a combination of both. For a full explanation of how to create and configure a |QCP|,
> see the documentation on :ref:`Quality Control Points
> <manufacturing/quality_control/quality-control-points>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using a Quality Control Point (QCP), it is possible to create quality checks automatically at
regular intervals. A |QCP| can be configured to create quality checks for specific products or
operations, or a combination of both.

For a full explanation of how to create and configure a |QCP|, see the documentation on
:ref:`Quality Control Points <manufacturing/quality_control/quality-control-points>`.
```

While quality checks are most commonly created through a |QCP|, it is also possible to manually
create a single quality check. Doing so may be necessary if quality checks need to be conducted
outside of those created at regular intervals by a |QCP|.

Manual quality check
====================

To manually create a single quality check, navigate to :menuselection:`Quality --> Quality Control
--> Quality Checks`, and click :guilabel:`New`. On the quality check form, begin by selecting an
option from the :guilabel:`Control per` drop-down menu:

> - :guilabel:`Operation` requests a check for an entire operation (ex. delivery order) and all
>   products within it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Operation` requests a check for an entire operation (ex. delivery order), and all
  products within it.
```

- :guilabel:`Product` requests a check for every unit of a product that is part of an operation (ex.
  every unit of a product within a delivery order).
- :guilabel:`Quantity` requests a check for every quantity of a product that is part of an operation
  (ex. one check for five units of a product within a delivery order). Selecting :guilabel:`Quantity`

>   also causes a :guilabel:`Lot/Serial` drop-down field to appear, from which can be selected a
>   specific lot or serial number that the quality check should be conducted for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  also causes a :guilabel:`Lot/Serial` drop-down field to appear, where a specific lot or serial
  number can be selected for which a quality check should be conducted.
```

> Next, select an inventory operation from the :guilabel:`Picking` drop-down menu or a manufacturing
> order from the :guilabel:`Production Order` drop-down menu. This is necessary because Odoo needs to
> know which operation the quality check is being conducted for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, select an inventory operation from the :guilabel:`Picking` drop-down menu, or a manufacturing
order from the :guilabel:`Production Order` drop-down menu. This is necessary because Odoo needs to
know which operation for which the quality check is being conducted.
```

If the quality check should be assigned to a specific |QCP|, select it from the :guilabel:`Control

> Point` drop-down menu. This is useful if the quality check is being created manually but should
> still be recognized as belonging to a specific |QCP|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Point` drop-down menu. This is useful if the quality check is being created manually, but should
still be recognized as belonging to a specific |QCP|.
```

Select a quality check type from the :guilabel:`Type` drop-down field:

- :guilabel:`Instructions` provides specific instructions for how to conduct the quality check.
- :guilabel:`Take a Picture` requires a picture to be attached to the check before the check can be
  completed.
- :guilabel:`Pass - Fail` is used when the product being checked must meet a certain criteria to
  pass the check.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Measure` causes a :guilabel:`Measure` input field to appear, in which a
  measurement must be entered before the check can be completed.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Worksheet` causes a :guilabel:`Quality Template` drop-down field to appear,

>   from which can be selected a quality worksheet that must be filled out to complete the check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  from which a quality worksheet can be selected that must be filled out to complete the check.
```

> Select a quality check type from the :guilabel:`Type` drop-down field:
> - :guilabel:`Instructions` provides specific instructions for how to conduct the quality check.
> - :guilabel:`Take a Picture` requires a picture to be attached to the check before the check can be
> completed.
> - :guilabel:`Pass - Fail` is used when the product being checked must meet a certain criteria to
> pass the check.
> - Selecting :guilabel:`Measure` causes a :guilabel:`Measure` input field to appear, in which a
> measurement must be entered before the check can be completed.
> - Selecting :guilabel:`Worksheet` causes a :guilabel:`Quality Template` drop-down field to appear,
> from which can be selected a quality worksheet that must be filled out to complete the check.

Reviewer: The bulleted list isn't rendering properly because there needs to be an empty line between the first line and the first item in the list.

And, if the words in a bulleted line exceed one line, the second line needs to be indented.

```suggestion
Select a quality check type from the :guilabel:`Type` drop-down field:

- :guilabel:`Instructions` provides specific instructions for how to conduct the quality check.
- :guilabel:`Take a Picture` requires a picture to be attached to the check before the check can be
  completed.
- :guilabel:`Pass - Fail` is used when the product being checked must meet a certain criteria to
  pass the check.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Measure` causes a :guilabel:`Measure` input field to appear, in which a
  measurement must be entered before the check can be completed.
- Selecting :guilabel:`Worksheet` causes a :guilabel:`Quality Template` drop-down field to appear,
  from which can be selected a quality worksheet that must be filled out to complete the check.
```

In the :guilabel:`Team` field, select the quality team that is responsible for the quality check. In
the :guilabel:`Company` field, select the company that owns the product being inspected.

On the :guilabel:`Notes` tab at the bottom of the form, enter any relevant instructions in the

> :guilabel:`Instructions` text entry box (ex. attach a picture of the product). Add any other

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Instructions` text entry box (ex. 'Attach a picture of the product...'). Add any other
```

information that needs to be included in the :guilabel:`Notes` text entry field.

Process quality check
=====================

Quality checks are most commonly processed by selecting the :guilabel:`Quality Checks` button on an

> inventory operation or manufacturing order, or within the tablet view for a specific work order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
inventory operation (or manufacturing order), or within the tablet view for a specific work order.
```

> However, it is also possible to process a quality check directly on the check itself.

Reviewer: This information is sufficient, especially since we currently have no documentation on quality checks. For the future, I feel like this section can be expanded upon with images of examples of when the quality checks smart button becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quality checks are most commonly processed by selecting the :guilabel:`Quality Checks` smart button
on an inventory operation or manufacturing order, or within the tablet view for a specific work
order. However, it is also possible to process a quality check directly on the check itself.
```
Adding "smart" button

To process a quality check on the check itself, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Quality -->
Quality Control --> Quality Checks`, and select a Quality Check. Complete any actions required to
fulfill the quality check.

> If the criteria of the quality check has been met, click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the top left
> of the screen. If the criteria of the check has not been met, click the :guilabel:`Fail` button
> instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the criteria of the quality check has been met, click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the top-left
corner of the screen. If the criteria of the check has *not* been met, click the :guilabel:`Fail`
button instead.
```

> If the criteria of the quality check has been met, click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the top left
> of the screen. If the criteria of the check has not been met, click the :guilabel:`Fail` button
> instead.

Reviewer: Just for even more brevity
```suggestion
If the criteria of the quality check has been met, click the :guilabel:`Pass` button at the top left
of the screen. If not, click the :guilabel:`Fail` button instead.
```
